**Nepal Heritage Documentation Project (NHDP)**

The Nepal Heritage Documentation Project (NHDP) is building
comprehensive digital records of Nepal\'s endangered historical cultural
monuments. These include temples, monasteries, palaces, as well as
smaller shrines, arcaded platforms, fountains, and other historic
buildings. NHDP is the first project to comprehensively photograph,
record, describe, and analyse these structures and make the records
available in a freely
accessible [database](https://uni-heidelberg.de/danam). The project
focuses on the Kathmandu Valley, western Nepal, and other sites
culturally and historically associated with the Kathmandu Valley. It
aims to document and inventory more than 2000 monuments, 2500
inscriptions, and 8000 objects, as well as the unique intangible
cultural heritage associated with the monuments: rituals, festivals, and
other social and religious events and practices.

![](C:\Users\075bc\Desktop\markdown\image/c6f68fed9fed84c351342624a9410e3cf81af0c3.jpg)

The data resulting from the documentation is added to the Digital
Archive of Nepalese Arts and Architecture (DANAM) and Heidelberg
University Library\'s image database, HeidICON, and on HeiDATA. The
datasets contain structured information (in English and Nepali) about
the monuments, i.e., information about their location, history,
architectural structure, and religious and social activities. They also
include historical and recent photographs, maps, plans and drawings, and
transcriptions of inscriptions. The team in Germany and Nepal consists
of about 20 experts from the fields of history, architecture, ethnology,
Indology and heritage management. IT specialists ensure high-quality
data management.

DANAM is based on Arches (v.4), an open-source software platform for
cultural heritage inventory and management developed jointly by the
Getty Conservation Institute and the World Monuments Fund. All content
is available to the public free of charge.

-   **Project
    website:** <https://uni-heidelberg.de/danam>, [heidICON](https://heidicon.ub.uni-heidelberg.de/pool/nhdp_monuments%22%20\o%20%22Object%20and%20media%20database%20heidICON,%20image%20pool%20NHDP)
-   **Funded by:** [Arcadia Fund, UK ](https://www.arcadiafund.org.uk/)
-   **Duration of Project:** 2018-2026 (Pilotphase 2018-2020)
-   **Head Office:** [Heidelberg Centre for Transcultural Studies
    (HCTS)](https://www.asia-europe.uni-heidelberg.de/en/) at Centre for
    Asian and Transcultural Studies (CATS)
-   **Partners:** [Saraf Foundation for Himalayan Traditions and
    Culture, Kathmandu](http://thesaraffoundation.org/); [Heidelberger
    Akademie der Wissenschaften (HAdW)](https://www.hadw-bw.de/); [I3
    Mainz](https://i3mainz.hs-mainz.de/); UB Heidelberg; UNESCO
    Nepal; [Kathmandu Valley Preservation Trust
    (KVPT)](https://kvptnepal.org/), Department of Archaeology (DoA),
    Nepal.
-   **Contact in Heidelberg:** Prof. Dr. Christiane Brosius, Prof. Dr.
    Axel Michaels
